add querying from dapp page and examples (#6)
FuelLabs/fuel-graphql-docs: docs/querying-from-a-dapp.mdx

---
title: Querying From A Dapp
---

# Querying From A Dapp

> There are several ways to interact with the Fuel GraphQL API from an application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways to interact with the Fuel GraphQL API from a frontend application. 
```

      "Content-Type": "application/json",
      Accept: "application/json",
    },
    body: JSON.stringify({ query: "{ health }" }),
  });
  let data = await response.json();
  console.log("DATA:", data);
}
```
## [Apollo Client](https://www.apollographql.com/apollo-client/)

```bash
$ npm install @apollo/client graphql
```

```javascript
import { ApolloClient, InMemoryCache, gql } from '@apollo/client'

const apolloClient= new ApolloClient({
  uri: 'https://node-beta-2.fuel.network/graphql',
  cache: new InMemoryCache(),
})

const HEALTH_QUERY  = `
  query {
    health
  }
`

export const checkHealth = async () => {
   const response = await apolloClient.query({
    query: gql(HEALTH_QUERY),
  });
  console.log("RESPONSE:", response);
}
```

## [urql](https://formidable.com/open-source/urql/)

```bash
$ npm install urql graphql
```

```javascript
import { createClient } from 'urql'

const urqlClient= createClient({
  url: 'https://node-beta-2.fuel.network/graphql',
})

const HEALTH_QUERY  = `
  query {
    health
  }
`

export const checkHealth = async () => {
  const response = await urqlClient.query(HEALTH_QUERY).toPromise();
  console.log("RESPONSE:", response);
}
```

> You can see more examples in this [example repository](https://github.com/sarahschwartz/fuel-graphql-api-examples) and in the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see more examples in this [example repository](https://github.com/sarahschwartz/fuel-graphql-api-examples) and in the next section.

```
